trdsql: add page (#14896)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/trdsql.md

# trdsql

> > CLI tool that executes SQL on CSV, LTSV, JSON, YAML, TBLN files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Execute SQL on CSV, LTSV, JSON, YAML, and TBLN files.
```
Style guide.

> More information: <https://noborus.github.io/trdsql/>.

> - Convert object data from multiple JSON files to a CSV file with header (`-oh`) & double quote:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Convert object data from multiple JSON files to a CSV file with header (`-oh`) and double quote:
```

`trdsql -ocsv -oh "SELECT * FROM {{path/to/file/*.json}}" | sed 's/\([^,]*\)/"&"/g' > {{path/to/file.csv}}`

> - Interpret JSON list as a table & put object inside as columns (path/to/file.json: `{"list":[{"age":"26","name":"Tanaka"}]}`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Interpret JSON list as a table and put objects inside as columns (path/to/file.json: `{"list":[{"age":"26","name":"Tanaka"}]}`):
```

`trdsql "SELECT * FROM {{path/to/file.json}}::.list`

> - Complex SQL data manipulation with multiple CSV files with first line is header (`-ih`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manipulate Complex SQL data with multiple CSV files with first line is header (`-ih`):
```

`trdsql -icsv -ih "SELECT {{column1,column2}} FROM {{path/to/file*.csv}} WHERE column2 != '' ORDER BY column1 GROUP BY column1"`

- Merge content of 2 CSV files to one CSV file:

`trdsql "SELECT {{column1,colum2}} FROM {{path/to/file1.csv}} UNION SELECT {{column1,column2}} FROM {{path/to/file2.csv}}"`

> - Simple connection to PostgreSQL database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to PostgreSQL database:
```

`trdsql -driver postgres -dsn "host=localhost port=5433 dbname=trdsql_test" "SELECT 1"`

- Create table data to MySQL database from CSV file:

`trdsql -driver mysql -dsn "noborus:noborus@/trdsql_test" -ih "CREATE TABLE {{table}} ({{column1}} int, {{colum2}} varchar(20)) AS SELECT {{column3}} AS {{column1}},{{column2}} FROM {{path/to/header_file.csv}}"`

> - Simple showing data from compress log files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show data from compress log files:
```
